Introducing load_key hook in zfsbootmenu/lib/zfsbootmenu-core.sh (#452)
zbm-dev/zfsbootmenu: docs/man/zfsbootmenu.7.rst

  Any installed hooks are run right before the ZFSBootMenu menu will be presented; ZFS pools will generally have been imported and the default boot environment will be available in the *BOOTFS* environment variable. Hooks will not be run if the countdown timer expires (or was set to zero) and the default boot environment is automatically selected. **Note:** The hooks may be run multiple times if the menu is invoked multiple times, e.g., by dropping to an emergency shell and then returning to the menu. If a script should only run once, the script is responsible for keeping track of this.

**zfsbootmenu_load_key=<executable-list>**

>   An optional variable specifying a space-separated list of paths to setup hooks that will be installed in the ZFSBootMenu initramfs. Any path in the list **<executable-list>** that exists and is executable will be installed.

Reviewer: Missed this one...

```suggestion
  An optional variable specifying a space-separated list of paths to load-key hooks that will be installed in the ZFSBootMenu initramfs. Any path in the list **<executable-list>** that exists and is executable will be installed.
```

>   Any installed hooks are run right before the ZFSBootMenu menu loads key for an encrypted dataset; ZFS pools will generally have been imported and the default boot environment will be available in the *BOOTFS* environment variable. This hooks may provide additional methods of unlocking datasets, for example using clevis. The only argument passed to the hook is dataset name

Reviewer: This text isn't correct.

```suggestion
  Any installed hooks are run immediately before ZFSBootMenu menu attempts to load a key for the encryption root of a locked filesystem. Each hook will be run with the name of the encryption root as its sole argument. If any hook exits with a non-zero return code, the load attempt will be aborted and the encryption root will not be unlocked. Hooks can be used to prepare keys needed to unlock the encryption root or may even attempt to unlock the root directly; a filesystem that is unlocked after the hooks have run will be considered to have had its keys successfully loaded. **Note:** The hooks may be run multiple times if keys for a given encryption root need to be loaded multiple times, e.g., by triggering a re-import of the pool. If a script should only run once, the script is responsible for keeping track of this.
```
